[docs] Move the description to match the other pages (#4348)
mui/toolpad: docs/data/toolpad/core/introduction/integration.md

---
title: Toolpad Core - Integration
---

# Integration

> <p class="descripton">This guide will walk you through the process of adding Toolpad Core to an existing project.</p>

Reviewer: style

```suggestion
<p class="descripton">This guide walks you through adding Toolpad Core to an existing project.</p>
```
